---
layout: post
title: Lesson1
tags:
- english

categories: english
description:
---
## Lesson1

Lesson1
Execuse me?
listen to the tape then answer this question
whose handbag is it?
Execuse me?
yse?
Is this your handbag?
pardon？
Is this your handbag?
yes,it is.
thank you very much


## Lesson3
Listen to the tape then answer this question
Does the men get his umbrella back?
my coat and my umbrella please.
Here is my ticket
Thank you sir
Number five
Here's is your umbrella and your coat
This is not my umbrella
Sorry sir
Is this your umbrella
no it isn't
is this it
yes it is
thank you very much

## Lesson5
Listen to the tape then answer this question
Is Chang-woo is chinese?
Good morning
Good morning,Mr.Blake
This is Miss Sophie Dupont.
Sophie is a new student.
She is French
Sophie this is Hans.
He is Greman.
Nice to meet you
And this is Naoko
She is Japanese
Nice to meet you
This is Chang-woo
He is Korean
Nice to meet you
and This is Luming
He is Chinese
Nice to meet you
and This XiaoHui
she is Chinese too
Nice to meet you

## Lesson6
What make is it?
This a Volvo(Swedish).
This a Peugeot(French).
This a Mercedes(German).
This a Toyota(Japanese).
This a Daewoo(Korean).
This a Mini(English).
This a Ford(American)
This a Fiat(Italian)

## Lesson7
Are you teacher
Listen to the tape then answer this question
What's Robert job?
I am a new student, My name is Robert
Nice to meet you ,My name's Sophine
Are you French?
Yes,I am . Are you French too?
No, I'm not.
What nationality are you?
I'm Italian.
Are you teacher?
No,I'm not.
What's your job?
I'm a keyboard operator.
What's your job?
I'm an engineer.

## Lesson8
I'm a policeman
I'm a policewoman
I'm a taxi driver
I'm an air hostess
I'm a postman
I'm a nurse
I'm a mechanic
I'm a hairdresser
I'm a housewife
I'm a milkman

## Lesson9
How are you today?
Listen to the tape then answer this question
How is Emma?
Hello Helen
Hi Steven
How are you today.
I'm very well ,Thank you
And you?
I'm fine,Thanks.
How is Tony
He's fine ,Thanks
How's Emma?
She's very well, too,Helen
GoodBye,Helen.Nice to see you
Nice to see you too Steven
GoodBye
